When you talk about the way that my work can change the world, you have
to look at it. Um, with the broad lynch, I'm in the military and the
military's job is thio police, the world basically, of course, American
citizens and to make sure that we maintain our quality of life.
But, um, there are many other countries that can't defend themselves
and a zoo long as you go in with the right mindset, you know, trying
to do the right thing, then help those guys out when they wouldn't
be able to defend themselves. Otherwise, that's that's also like,
um, very honorable, I think ast faras being a nuke. Um, basically,
we were an operator for the most, for the most part. So we get our
pilots to the middle of the Pacific Ocean, and those pilots are the
ones who actually, um, defend the country and do the attacking where
it's needed for our marines. So, um, it feels good to be a part of
that support role. Um, right now I'm in the Naval Postgraduate School
and I'm studying cybersecurity. I have a focus on research, so I'm
hoping that some of the things that I'm learning. The two years that
I'm gonna be here is going to combine with the thesis that I'll do
and maybe the research, um, job that I'll have later on so that we
have better, uh, cryptography or we have, um ah, more robust I t network
infrastructure. I'm not exactly sure how I'm going to make my mark
in the cybersecurity world, but I'm learning the things that it
takes and I'm trying toe, you know, put myself in the position toe change
the world on a global scale.